A question about the person who is indebted to the Buddha and
saints. A question from a member of the
group "Sharing Thoughts with Ms. Yen: Amitabha Buddha." I
respectfully ask you, Ms. Yen, to
answer my question about negative karma. I would like to
recount a story from two years ago.
A teacher who called himself the king of the heavenly
realm told my family that I was indebted to the Buddha and saints. He
told me that I was indebted to the Buddha and saints and that I should
study the Dharma. I ask for your
advice: should I study Buddhism or
follow the saints? Respectfully, in
our Buddhist teachings, there is the Buddha and the saints, the sages, the
Arhats. That is, in
our Buddhist teachings, there are Buddhas and Saints. There are
Buddhas and Saints. And then there is what is
commonly called following the Buddhas and Saints, as
our people often say according to our
national beliefs. From the past until now,
we have said that we are burdened with negative karma, which
is karma related to the deceased.
In our Buddhist teachings,
karma related to the deceased means that
those who are currently in the realm of spirits and
ghosts have karma with them, and
we must make offerings to them.  The Three Jewels perform
meritorious deeds and dedicate the merit to them, only then can we
resolve this karma. It's like if
we owe
someone something, we must repay that debt to be free from it. Similarly, if
we owe something to a deceased person,
we must make offerings to the Three Jewels and
dedicate the merit to them to resolve our karma.
If we practice Buddhism but do
n't dedicate the merit to the beings
with whom we have karmic debts, our karma will
not be resolved. Therefore, those who
practice Buddhism often dedicate their merits to
all beings. So, when
we owe something to a being, we
dedicate the merit of
our offerings, charity, and adherence to precepts to them, and we will eliminate
our karma and they will also receive blessings.
Regarding the saying that we owe something to the
Buddha or the saints, there is no such thing as owing something to the Buddha or the
saints. Does the Buddha demand anything from anyone?
No, the Buddha doesn't demand anything from anyone. If
we wrong the Buddha, we are governed by
our own karma, not by the Buddha demanding retribution. The
Buddha
never demands retribution; for example, if
we slap the Buddha, the Buddha will reciprocate.  Slapping yourself won't make you a
Buddha. If you steal
5000 from the Buddha and the Buddha demands 5000 back,
that's not being a Buddha. It's
your karma that will cause you to lose your
wealth. If you steal from the Three Jewels (
Buddha, Dharma, Sangha), you must
build the Three Jewels, provide for the Sangha, and
practice the Four Assemblies of practitioners to end that karmic retribution
and change your
karma. It's not the Buddha or the saints coming to demand it back, so no one should be indebted to the Buddha or the saints. We should practice to transform our karma. We should
learn the Dharma, we must learn
our morality. The best moral teachings in this world are from the
Buddha. The Buddha taught
us about the precepts, for example, for
lay people: not killing, not
stealing, not committing adultery, not lying, not
speaking with a double tongue, not speaking divisive
words, not speaking malicious words, and
not being drunk or addicted. The Buddha taught
us these moral principles, so
we, as people...  We should go to school to study the Dharma, to
learn about morality and human conduct so that
we can transform our karma,
not because of gratitude to Buddha or saints.
Anyone who wants to transform their
karma should take refuge in the
Three Jewels, learn from the Buddha's teachings,
abandon evil and do good, strictly observe the precepts to
gain blessings and transform their karma. It's
not about repaying a debt to the saints.
For example, you have to buy three elephants, four
horses, a lot of gold, a lot of
money to repay the Buddha or saints. The
Buddha and saints don't spend
that, right? So,
those are just
dark, ignorant thoughts. We must practice charity, make offerings,
build temples, paint statues, cast bronze, and do
good deeds to transform our
karma of stealing, ingratitude,
disloyalty, and all sorts of immoral acts.
Now, we must cultivate morality to transform our
karma,
not burn elephants, horses, or horses to
get rid of that karma.
For example, if our child is unfilial,
we must teach them to cultivate filial piety.  Or
we should cultivate filial piety and virtue to
dedicate merit to our children, not just
burning a few paper elephants and horses. Fake things don't bring
real blessings, so let's
stop making fake things for each other to eat.
Let's stop being greedy, stop deceiving each other, stop being corrupt,
stop stealing, and
then our entire nation will have peace
and happiness if we all, like our Buddhist followers,
practice the
Buddha's teachings. Then this world will be peaceful, and
we will have benevolent gods and spirits supporting us. We
want the Buddha's teachings to spread
everywhere, we want everyone to abandon evil and do good, we
want everyone to be happy, we want
everyone to live virtuously with each other,
right? That's the mindset
we must cultivate to receive
benefits. Therefore, it is said that children
suffer from negative karma, and this negative karma arises
from our narrow-mindedness. So, during
this month of B, we should cultivate filial piety, cultivate virtue,
show gratitude to our
parents and ancestors, and then cultivate the
precepts and vows for the country to have
innovative policies. Therefore, for three months...  During our summer retreat,
our club recites
this sutra, makes offerings to the Three Jewels, practices filial piety, observes precepts, releases animals, and
performs other
meritorious deeds. We dedicate these merits to the
renewal of our political and spiritual foundation, so that
people can live virtuously with each other.
This aspiration of ours will cause
benevolent deities and spirits to protect us.
Do you understand, Teacher? If our hearts are vast and generous,
benevolent deities and
Dharma protectors will protect us.
Therefore, we do not fear evil people harming us. We
understand the saying, "If
someone spits on their face, the
spit will fall back on the spitter's face." So, if
we are good people, whoever wants to harm
us
will be harmed by evil. Therefore, we are not
bound by karma. The Buddhas and
saints do not demand that benevolent deities
protect us. The Buddhas only protect
us. Therefore,
we are never indebted to the
Buddhas and saints. We are not indebted to karma
because of karma.  We must cultivate
karma to transform our karma. To
cultivate karma, we should take refuge in the Three
Jewels, strictly observe the precepts, cultivate morality, and
transform our karmic forces. Therefore, we
shouldn't be harming the Buddha or saints;
we should only benefit our own karma.
To transform
karma, we must open
our hearts wide, cultivate many
great moral virtues, and follow the teachings of the
Buddhas, abandoning evil and doing good according to the Buddha's precepts.
We will then benefit.
[Music]
C